From: UNITED NATIONS (UN@UN.ORG)
Sent: Thu 11/01/12 3:11 PM
To:
RE-CHANGE OF ACCOUNtt


This is in regard to outstanding payment, I am Mr. James Scott,the Newly appointed Director United Nation 
Legal Affairs, Security and Investigation, the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (Dr Goodluck 
Jonathan) and his Decision Making Body, the Executive Arms of the Government, has directed me to come down 
to Nigeria to Investigate your Fund and to make sure that we approve all outstanding debts owned to Foreign 
beneficiaries by the government of Nigeria in this 3rd quarter of this Fiscal year 2012..
This decision was 
taken based on the abnormities and inability of the BANKS in Nigeria to Release your fund into your bank 
account whereby it was discovered that some Directors in Central bank of NIGERIA being the Federal Government 
of Nigeria were diverting foreign beneficiaries payment to another account of their choice overseas. In view 
of this, during our investigation I found out that an account was submitted to divert your fund to a Germany 
account. Below is the account submitted and I want you to confirm if you are aware of the new development 
because we are about effecting payment to the account stated bellow today.

Beneficiary: CERSTIN WENGER SHENOUDA

Bank: FRANKFURTER BANK
A/C No.: XXXXXXXXX
Code: 50050201


Finally, be informed that a payment instruction has been issued and Forwarded to the Treasury Department of 
the Federal Government of Nigeria In favor of you and your company for immediate release of your fund to the 
account above without any further prejudice. But there is no way We can approve the fund to your account without 
you confirming if you Have changed your account for your fund to be transfer to the Beneficiary: 
CERSTIN WENGER SHENOUDA BANK ACCOUNT IN GERMANY.

Contact me immediately for further clarification to know 
if you have Giving instruction to transfer your fund to the above account today. On behalf Of the entire 
management of United Nations, we are congratulating you in advance and if you fail to contact this office 
on or before 24hrs from now then we will now wire the fund to the German account.

Thanks for your co-operation.

Waiting for your urgent response
Yours faithfully
Mr.James Scott
Un Office of Legal Affairs Security and Investigation.